engine: changes to the sidebar + landing page (#972)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/deploy/index.mdx

          When you install Redpanda, a `redpanda.yaml` file is installed on each node in `/etc/redpanda`. This file contains node configuration properties. A node property is one that can be set differently from node to node, such as `data_directory` or `node_id` (when specified).

      - [High Availability](../deploy/deployment-option/self-hosted/manual/high-availability)

          Redpanda is designed to ensure data integrity and high availability (HA), even at high-throughput levels. This section explains the trade-offs with different configurations.

      - [Sizing Use Cases](../deploy/deployment-option/self-hosted/manual/sizing-use-cases)
        
          The following scenarios provide estimates and advice for sizing Redpanda clusters for different throughput and retention use cases in your data center and in the cloud.

      - [Sizing Guidelines](../deploy/deployment-option/self-hosted/manual/sizing)

          For best performance, size your Redpanda cluster to handle the volume of data being produced, replicated, and consumed.

  - [Cloud](../deploy/deployment-option/cloud)
    - [Redpanda Cloud Overview](../deploy/deployment-option/cloud/dedicated-byoc)

>         A high-level overview about what Redpanda Cloud offers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        A high-level overview about the features that Redpanda Cloud offers.
```
